about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: about
permalink: /about/
---

<img class="col one right" src="/img/prof_pic.jpg">

<br/>
Hello! I'm <strong>Markus Woodson</strong>, a current masters
student in the Electrical and Computer Engineering department at
Carnegie Mellon University. My interests lie in video
understanding, deep learning, and learning in difficult paradigms
such as low resolution data or learning with few examples. You can
find my thoughts and some tutorials on these subjects in my
<a href="">blog</a>.

Deep learning, as with many other technical fields, involves a lot
of creativity. My favorite place to practice my
creativity is in the kitchen where all of the senses are engaged
to create something that looks, tastes, smells, feels, and even sounds (think crunchy!) delicious. You can check out some of my masterpieces and masterpieces from other places I have visited
<a href="">here</a>.

If you are interested in my work or qualifications then check out my
<a href="">projects</a> and <a href="">resume</a>. You can also find my social media and contact information below.

<br/>
<hr/>
<br/>
<span class="contacticon center">
	<a href="mailto:markus.woodson1@gmail.com"><i class="fa fa-envelope-square"></i></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/mwoodson1" target="_blank"><i class="fa fa-github-square"></i></a>
	<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/markuswoodson" target="_blank"><i class="fa fa-linkedin-square"></i></a>
	<a href="https://twitter.com/markus125249" target="_blank"><i class="fa fa-twitter-square"></i></a>
</span>

<!--
<div class="col three caption">
	You can even add a little note about which of these is the best way to reach you.
</div>
-->

Commit message:

typo fixes, resume fixes, and other small changes

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: about
permalink: /about/
---

<img class="col one right" src="/img/prof_pic.jpg">

<br/>
Hello! I'm <strong>Markus Woodson</strong>, a current Masters
student in the Electrical and Computer Engineering department at
Carnegie Mellon University. My interests lie in video
understanding, deep learning, and learning in difficult paradigms
such as low resolution data or learning with few examples. You can
find my thoughts and some tutorials on these subjects in my
<a href="">blog</a>.

Deep learning, as with many other technical fields, involves a lot
of creativity. My favorite place to practice my
creativity is in the kitchen where all of the senses are engaged
to create something that looks, tastes, smells, feels, and even sounds (think crunchy!) delicious. You can check out some of mine, as well as others, culinary masterpieces
<a href="">here</a>.

If you are interested in my work or qualifications then check out my
<a href="">projects</a> and <a href="">resume</a>. You can also find my social media and contact information below.

<br/>
<hr/>
<br/>
<span class="contacticon center">
	<a href="mailto:markus.woodson1@gmail.com"><i class="fa fa-envelope-square"></i></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/mwoodson1" target="_blank"><i class="fa fa-github-square"></i></a>
	<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/markuswoodson" target="_blank"><i class="fa fa-linkedin-square"></i></a>
	<a href="https://twitter.com/markus125249" target="_blank"><i class="fa fa-twitter-square"></i></a>
</span>

<!--
<div class="col three caption">
	You can even add a little note about which of these is the best way to reach you.
</div>
-->
